By Mr. Ken Barton, that's entitled, If My People. If My People.
What a day!
What a wonderful celebration.
King Solomon and
All of the people of Israel.
Had gathered in Jerusalem to dedicate the Temple of Israel,
That after seven years had finally been completed,
Everyone had gone home to rest after the long day.
including King Solomon.
And the
The second Chronicles 7-11. Thus Solomon finished the house of the Lord and the king's house and
And Solomon successfully accomplished all that came into his heart.
To make in the house of the Lord, and in his own house.
Then the Lord appeared to Solomon by night,
and said to him, I have heard your prayer.
and have chosen this place for myself as a house of sacrifice.
When I shut up heaven,
And there is no rain.
Or command the locusts to devour the land.
Or send pestilence among my people.
Now, why do you think God
The Lord said there,
Giving them giving them my heads up, isn't it?
This is going to
So Hebrews
13:8 says, "Jesus Christ is the same."
Yesterday, today and forever.
And that's who I think was speaking.
With Solomon.
Hmm
he knew just as sure as he'd made little green apples
That the people would stray, didn't he?
And that there would be bad consequences as a result.
He told them what to do.
in the next verse
If my people are called by my name, who are called by my name?
Will humble themselves and pray and seek my face,
And turn from their wicked ways.
Then
I will hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and heal their land.
Because God loves his people.
he was
Forewarning Solomon and us.
And laying out the possibilities to them.
And to us.
Which brings us to the present.
Perhaps you've all noticed that there have been many disasters around the world lately and here in America as well.
Now here's something that I...
Learned this week.
There have been 118
Billion dollar disasters.
In the last five years.
Okay
Did you realize that?
1. According to an article by USA Facts, 1.
Updated July 7, 2025.
Titled, "Our major, the natural disaster is increasing."
Of the ten years with the most natural disasters.
Nine of them were in the last decade.
This article states that the number of natural weather disasters with damages of more than a billion dollars,
Has increased over the last forty years.
From 1980 to 2024, the U.S. averaged nine events per year.
Or the annual average for the last five years,
is twenty-three.
of the ten years with the most billion dollar natural disasters.
Let's see.
Nine
were in the last decade.
Thank you.
With 2023,
Having the most.
At 28.
Followed,
by 27 in 2024.
we've just finished having elections in different areas of our nation
Something that I had not seen as possible has happened.
A communist socialist
Immigrant, who moved to the United States at seven years old, has just been elected.
As mayor of New York City.
Here are some of the many problems facing our nation.
In case you needed a reminder.
Homelessness,
inflation,
Healthcare affordability
and drug addiction.
Right near the top.
According to one article that I read, written by Evan Coleman on June 5th of 2023,
Opioid addiction
Has been a growing problem for over twenty five years throughout the United States.
Resulting in the decline of life expectancy in the United States,
And costing over $1 trillion a year.
Doesn't help much with the cost of living index, does it?
According to a cbs news report,
dated July 29, 2025.
Natural disasters have caused
More
Than one hundred thirty one billion dollars in the first half of twenty twenty five.
That's slightly lower than 2024.
Which had 155 billion in losses.
But we're not through with 2025 yet.
Just thought I'd throw that out there.
The initial estimate of the 2025 Los Angeles wildfires cost?
it's one hundred fifty billion dollars.
that's just.
There.
So,
What's the best recourse?
For us to consider.
In my opinion,
It is to focus more
On seeking the Lord and serving him.
Second Chronicles seven fourteen.
If my people,,
Who are called by my name, will humble themselves,
And pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways,
Then
I will hear from heaven.
And will forgive their sin
And heal their land.
You know how I usually end my
message with message with message with message with message
Just think of what a different saddle make, right?
We
20% are now experiencing COVID-19.
The difference that ignoring God,
is making.